Update schedule-antivirus-scans-group-policy.md (#11147)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/schedule-antivirus-scans-group-policy.md

| Scan | Specify the scan type to use for a scheduled scan | Quick scan |
| Scan | Specify the day of the week to run a scheduled scan | Specify the day (or never) to run a scan. | Never |
| Scan | Specify the time of day to run a scheduled scan | Specify the number of minutes after midnight (for example, enter **60** for 1 a.m.). | 2 a.m. |

> | Root | Randomize scheduled task times |In Microsoft Defender Antivirus, randomize the start time of the scan to any interval from 0 to 23 hours. By default, scheduled tasks will begin at a random time within 4 hours after the time specified in Task Scheduler. <p>In [SCEP](/mem/intune/protect/certificates-scep-configure), randomize scans to any interval plus or minus 30 minutes. This can be useful in virtual machines or VDI deployments. | Enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Root | Randomize scheduled task times |In Microsoft Defender Antivirus, randomize the start time of the scan to any interval from 0 to 23 hours. By default, scheduled tasks will begin at a random time within four hours of the time specified in Task Scheduler. <p>In [SCEP](/mem/intune/protect/certificates-scep-configure), randomize scans to any interval plus or minus 30 minutes. This can be useful in virtual machines or VDI deployments. | Enabled |
```
